README.md, before:

# FYND Assignment Round

### Problem Statement : 
As a Data Analyst, you have to Analyse the Data in the sheet attached and analyze the sales data for the last 6 months for one of our sellers SSIPL. Using this data we want you to provide insights on what the seller should do to increase their business for their brand websites using this set of data.

### Approach: 
#### Tools used in this assignment : 
1. Microsoft Power BI for reporting, and data visualization
2. Python - Pandas for creating dataframe for data preprocessing
3. MS VSCode : Code Editor

### Exploratory Data Analysis:
Data from csv file was cleaned and only the key columns were extracted and data type of those columns were converted to specific data types into Sales_data.csv.

### DATA ANALYSIS : 
1. Orders was highest placed from Delhi city at 16662, followed by MUMBAI and Gurgaon.﻿﻿
﻿﻿Delhi accounted for 7.08% of Total orders placed.﻿﻿
2. ﻿﻿Total Orders placed was highest for STATE: UTTAR PRADESH at 22906, followed by MAHARASHTRA and DELHI.
UTTAR PRADESH accounted for 9.73% of Total Orders placed.﻿﻿
3. ﻿At 49,223, July had the highest Total Orders placed and was 382.96% higher than April, which had the lowest Total Orders placed at 10,192.﻿﻿
﻿﻿July accounted for 20.91% of Total Orders placed.﻿﻿
4. ﻿At 116684,stores from HARYANA had received highest orders consignment and was 1,16,68,300.00% higher than CHATTISGARH, which had the lowest Total Orders at 1.
﻿﻿Stores from HARYANA accounted for 49.56% of Total Orders received.﻿﻿
5. ﻿At 82343,stores from GURGAON had received the highest Total Orders and was 82,34,200.00% higher than KORBA, which had the lowest Total Orders at 1.﻿﻿
﻿﻿Stores from GURGAON accounted for 34.97% of Total Orders received.﻿﻿
6. ﻿At ₹59,91,787.53, MAHARASHTRA had the highest Total Revenue Generated for SSIPL and was 20,03,842.32% higher than M.P, which had the lowest Total Revenue Generated at ₹299.00.﻿﻿
﻿﻿MAHARASHTRA accounted for 11.35% of Total Revenue Generated.﻿﻿
MUMBAI city accounted for 3.57% of Total Revenue Generated for SSIPL.﻿﻿
7. ﻿At ₹1,09,95,611.28, July had the highest Total Revenue Generated and was 376.53% higher than May, which had the lowest Total Revenue Generated at ₹23,07,432.19.﻿﻿
July accounted for 20.83% of Total Revenue Generated.﻿﻿
﻿﻿Across all 8 Month, Total Revenue Generated ranged from ₹23,07,432.19 to ₹1,09,95,611.28.﻿﻿
8. ﻿At ₹1,39,11,049.66, stores from state : DELHI had the highest Total Revenue Generated and was 7,10,154.77% higher than stores from JAMMU & KASHMIR, which had the lowest Total Revenue Generated at ₹1,958.60.﻿﻿
﻿﻿Stores from state : DELHI accounted for 26.36% of Total Revenue Generated.﻿﻿
9. ﻿At ₹95,72,117.56, stores from DELHI city had the highest Total Revenue generated and was 4,88,622.44% higher than SRINAGAR, which had the lowest Total Revenue generated at ₹1,958.60.﻿﻿
﻿﻿Stores from DELHI city accounted for 18.14% of Total Revenue generated.﻿﻿

### Suggestion to increase revenue : 
1. As the sales and revenue for products of SSIPL was at peak during June , July and August ,ads and promotion for Highesh selling product category : Footwear can be run during this time at Delhi, Mumbai and Gurgaon.
2. As mostly the orders as well as revenue was generated from stores from Haryana and Delhi state, more stores related to Highest Selling product category : Footwear can be opened here.

Commit message:

Modified Readme and added screenshot from Power BI

README.md, after:

# FYND Assignment Round

[Power BI Report link](https://app.powerbi.com/links/S062jXdXGl?ctid=3676eb56-2949-4822-a20e-d6cc6931ed14&pbi_source=linkShare)

Screenshot from Power BI is present in Fynd_Task.pdf

### Problem Statement : 
As a Data Analyst, you have to Analyse the Data in the sheet attached and analyze the sales data for the last 6 months for one of our sellers SSIPL. Using this data we want you to provide insights on what the seller should do to increase their business for their brand websites using this set of data.

### Approach: 
#### Tools used in this assignment : 
1. Microsoft Power BI for reporting, and data visualization
2. Python - Pandas for creating dataframe for data preprocessing
3. MS VSCode : Code Editor

### Exploratory Data Analysis:
Data from csv file was cleaned and only the key columns were extracted and data type of those columns were converted to specific data types into Sales_data.csv.

### DATA ANALYSIS : 
1. Orders was highest placed from Delhi city at 16662, followed by MUMBAI and Gurgaon.﻿﻿
﻿﻿Delhi accounted for 7.08% of Total orders placed.﻿﻿
2. ﻿﻿Total Orders placed was highest for STATE: UTTAR PRADESH at 22906, followed by MAHARASHTRA and DELHI.
UTTAR PRADESH accounted for 9.73% of Total Orders placed.﻿﻿
3. ﻿At 49,223, July had the highest Total Orders placed and was 382.96% higher than April, which had the lowest Total Orders placed at 10,192.﻿﻿
﻿﻿July accounted for 20.91% of Total Orders placed.﻿﻿
4. ﻿At 116684,stores from HARYANA had received highest orders consignment and was 1,16,68,300.00% higher than CHATTISGARH, which had the lowest Total Orders at 1.
﻿﻿Stores from HARYANA accounted for 49.56% of Total Orders received.﻿﻿
5. ﻿At 82343,stores from GURGAON had received the highest Total Orders and was 82,34,200.00% higher than KORBA, which had the lowest Total Orders at 1.﻿﻿
﻿﻿Stores from GURGAON accounted for 34.97% of Total Orders received.﻿﻿
6. ﻿At ₹59,91,787.53, MAHARASHTRA had the highest Total Revenue Generated for SSIPL and was 20,03,842.32% higher than M.P, which had the lowest Total Revenue Generated at ₹299.00.﻿﻿
﻿﻿MAHARASHTRA accounted for 11.35% of Total Revenue Generated.﻿﻿
MUMBAI city accounted for 3.57% of Total Revenue Generated for SSIPL.﻿﻿
7. ﻿At ₹1,09,95,611.28, July had the highest Total Revenue Generated and was 376.53% higher than May, which had the lowest Total Revenue Generated at ₹23,07,432.19.﻿﻿
July accounted for 20.83% of Total Revenue Generated.﻿﻿
﻿﻿Across all 8 Month, Total Revenue Generated ranged from ₹23,07,432.19 to ₹1,09,95,611.28.﻿﻿
8. ﻿At ₹1,39,11,049.66, stores from state : DELHI had the highest Total Revenue Generated and was 7,10,154.77% higher than stores from JAMMU & KASHMIR, which had the lowest Total Revenue Generated at ₹1,958.60.﻿﻿
﻿﻿Stores from state : DELHI accounted for 26.36% of Total Revenue Generated.﻿﻿
9. ﻿At ₹95,72,117.56, stores from DELHI city had the highest Total Revenue generated and was 4,88,622.44% higher than SRINAGAR, which had the lowest Total Revenue generated at ₹1,958.60.﻿﻿
﻿﻿Stores from DELHI city accounted for 18.14% of Total Revenue generated.﻿﻿

### Suggestion to increase revenue : 
1. As the sales and revenue for products of SSIPL was at peak during June , July and August ,ads and promotion for Highesh selling product category : Footwear can be run during this time at Delhi, Mumbai and Gurgaon.
2. As mostly the orders as well as revenue was generated from stores from Haryana and Delhi state, more stores related to Highest Selling product category : Footwear can be opened here.
